>> Summary ~ 10402000.048
Can you begin to bring awareness to exactly what is — from a place of innocence
and non-judgment?

>> Summary ~ 10408000.007

And even when you have identified yourself with the great constriction
that fear is, your fears have never been able to squeeze out of you the
great life force, the great reality, the great gift, of awareness.

Right now, in this very lived moment, wherever you are, whatever you are
experiencing, all that you see, all that you feel, all that you know,
all that you seek to avoid, all the things you value and devalue, all
things are contained within your awareness. For if they are not found
there, they do not exist for you.

What is the body, itself, if not that which arises within your
awareness?

And attention is nothing more than the decision what you are going to
use the power of your awareness to focus on.

>> Summary ~ 10408000.029

Awareness is all that you have and all that you are. Out of your use of it
comes all that you choose to experience

>> Summary ~ 10411000.013

What is it that we share, if not awareness itself? For here, if anyone
were to look, they would see there is no difference between you and
myself. You are a Shimmering Field of Awareness. And that same
Shimmering Field comprises the essence of All that I am.

And within this Awareness lies the answer to every question you might choose to
ask. Within this Shimmering Awareness is the reassurance that the end of the
journey is certain. Within this Shimmering Awareness do you abide at One with
all minds and every aspect of Creation.

>> Summary ~ 10411000.023

For remember that, in this place, you are Awareness Itself, merely becoming
aware of Itself. And that Awareness, that Consciousness, lives equally as the
essence of each and every one whom you know and love. And your love of them is
what binds you to them, in the depth of a quiet Awareness

>> Summary ~ 10501000.008

This means that in each moment of your lived experience, what you are aware of
is wholly uncaused by anything outside of yourself

>> Summary ~ 10601000.025

You are literally the Field of Awareness of God in which God has
awareness of Himself, because you are the Power of God, and only by that
Power have you ever been able to be aware of something that has appeared
to be other than God, for even fear rests in Love.

>> Summary ~ 10608000.079

Notice that part of you that is simply aware of what is arising — a feeling, a
thought, a word, a song heard, a car crash witnessed. It doesn’t matter.
Anything arising in the field of your experience arises in the field of this
spaciousness of awareness which is God’s gift to you as your very existence.
For Pure Spirit is awareness itself. And that awareness can be fueled by the
decision for Love or the belief in fear.


