>> Summary ~ 10412000.019

And consciousness is the gift of Life, streaming forth from the Mind of God.
Your mind, then, is the soil of the garden. And all awakening, and all
transformation, occurs nowhere save in that garden.

>> Summary ~ 10412000.02

Rest assured, your mind is unlimited forever. And the body that sits in the
chair, in your five minute exercise, is as a drop of foam being expressed at
the slightest tip of one wave in an infinite ocean. And that ocean is itself
within the unlimited expanse of your Mind. You are Consciousness as such — Pure
Spirit!

>> Summary ~ 10505000.011

Mind, as you know it, can only picture what is or has been. It can then, of
course, find ways, at times, to bring it back in to the third-dimensional
experience, but that does not mean that it is new.

>> Summary ~ 10507000.019

Surrender means to settle into the position of the servant, the conduit through
which the Mind of God, the Love of God, can be expressed. The mind that exists
in perfect surrender sees absolutely no purpose to any moment of experience
save this. The mind in perfect surrender looks out upon a world that has been
healed from its own misperception that the world has had power over it. It sees
that at no time has it experienced anything but its own outpicturing. This is
why all events are neutral. It is mind that interprets an event, draws a
conclusion, and then bases behavior upon it.

The mind that is healed, and that rests in surrender, looks out upon an
innocent world that has been touched by its blessing of forgiveness. And that
forgiveness is simply a step in which that mind recognizes that the world it
had thought was there was nothing more than its own mental creation–and smiles
and laughs and sees that the world has held no power, and that all events that
have arisen, all interpretations of events, have been generated from within the
kingdom of the mind–the one place that it is given unto you to assume
responsibility for, as your domain.

The mind that has been healed of illusion has been healed of all illusions. And
while time and space seem to last, the last outpicturing of a tiny, mad
idea–called the physical body–can be given over to something else, can be
transformed into a simple communication device that no longer communicates
separation and judgment, but rather, forgiveness and innocence. It becomes
nothing. And it is picked up and used only in those ways that can speak,
gesture, move, act, make something in the world that touches the world with the
blessing of the good, the holy, and the beautiful.

The mind that is surrendered looks out upon all things and quietly says within
itself,

There has only been God. And I am the Created of That. And the source of my
being, the source of my reality, rests in surrender into That, and That alone.

The mind that is surrendered, yet walks in your world as long as the body
lasts–and is often completely unrecognized by others around it, for others see
a body and therefore assume there is an individual, an ego, a separated being
within it as that body–you could say that body walks as an empty shell and is
merely waiting to be informed by the Love of God. And when the Love of God does
not inform you or ask you to move and take action, then simply rest and do
nothing.

>> Summary ~ 10508000.041

The world remains uncaused by anything outside of your own mind. Yet within it,
you are given complete dominion. This means that within the One Mind of Christ,
if you would perceive it for a moment as an ocean, individuation occurs;
individual waves arise, made of the same substance — perfect freedom, perfect
knowledge of, and union with, God. And in that freedom, the power to decide or
to desire is present. And desire begets worlds without end. That is what your
entire planet once came from. That is what your entire solar system came from.
Your entire universe was born of desire.

The key, then, to the transformation of your lived experience, while the body
lasts, is to assume complete responsibility for how you are choosing to use the
mind. Remember you can only think a thought; you can only have an idea. That
idea cannot enter your domain, over which you have complete dominion, unless
you have sent it an invitation. That is simply the way it is. And it is a
mirror of what God is–infinite and perfect freedom.

>> Summary ~ 10508000.093

Mind is everything. And if you truly desire more than believing in Christ, you
must assume the responsibility for transforming the mind by using your very
ordinary moments in which to see differently. And as you reshape how you use
the mind, in every moment, you will come to taste profound freedom–a freedom
that will carry you instantly far beyond the things of space and time.

!!!>> Summary ~ 10509000.05

Remember that we have said unto you before that the Awakened Mind no longer
feels any resistance to the things of time. It no longer tries to get rid of
time. It no longer tries to make things stay the same. The Awakened Mind can
embrace all things, trust all things, and thereby, transcends all things
instantly, even in the midst of change.

>> Summary ~ 10509000.051

For the mind that is free from the illusions of
death is that very mind that learns to dance with death, to enter into any
moment or relationship, knowing that because the body is engaged, it must come
to an end. In fact, it’s already on its way to death.

The mind that becomes the one who is no longer in fear, no longer in
resistance, is the mind that has forgiven all things, including itself. The
mind, then, that can embrace all phenomena that arise and pass away with
passion, with joy, with aliveness, with innocence, with simplicity — that mind
cannot taste death. It literally transmutes death, even as death seems to be
passing by.

The highest state of being, then, is always a paradox when you try to think
about it. Through your desire you have come ever closer and ever deeper into
the Kingdom. And through your cultivation of allowance, the Grace-filled
willingness to know that that which arises is already passing away–it is like
water flowing through a fork, and you might as well not lament it. The mind
that laments it is the mind imprisoned in delusion. The mind that allows all
things is the mind that is already freely beyond all things.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.043

The mind which is free and at peace is no longer conflicted within itself. The
mind which is unconflicted abides in perfect vulnerability. It has learned to
embrace and accept the Truth about the phenomena of the mind itself, in this
dream world. It is willing to begin to be honest and to cultivate deeper
honesty with everyone around them. No longer is there pretense. No longer is
there manipulation or control. There is no unconscious, split-off energy
actually running the show, even though that mind seems to be oblivious to it.

The mind in conflict with itself is dangerous to itself, and of course, by
extension, to everyone else in all dimensions. Therefore, indeed, beloved
friends, beware of those that come in sheep’s clothing but inwardly are
ravenous wolves. Beware of the viciousness of the ego within your own mind.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.045

Learn to cultivate self-honesty. Though it sounds like a simple thing, this
does take time, simply again, because the mind has used its own power to be in
denial about its own miscreations. It doesn’t want to own them. It doesn’t want
to embrace them. It wants very much for you and itself to believe that it’s
really a very high spiritual being. And it will wear the sheep’s clothing of
the ego, of the persona, the mask, the self-image, the projected image into the
social world. And it will cling to that like a robe around the body, held
against the cold winter wind; and it will cling to it, no matter what. Such a
mind is an insane mind, and an insane mind is hurtful. An insane mind limits
the flow of Love through it that could heal this world.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.051

The mind is your domain and the mind is your self. It has certain components:
an emotional component, or expression; an egoic component, or expression. The
ego, in itself, isn’t right, wrong, good, bad; it simply is. The mistake–the
knot in the rope, the blip on the screen — is merely the mistaken
identification of your self with the ego.

For the mind in right-mindedness serves only the Voice for God. It no longer
has any interest in defending the voice of egocentricity.

>> Summary ~ 10512000.003

I and my Father are One. I, as a ray of Light, am One with that Source of Light
from which all things spring forth. I, as a drop of water, am One with the
Ocean from which all moisture arises. I am that One sent forth from Divine
Mystery to bring forth the good, the holy, and the beautiful to reflect in
time, to reflect in form, that which is timeless, that which is formless, that
which I have referred to as Abba, or Father, that Creative Source that births
all things and has an immediate and direct relationship with all of Creation.

That Truth is true about you. It has been, in fact, the only thing that has
ever been true. And in each moment, the power of the mind allows it to remember
the Truth, if it will choose the Truth.

>> Summary ~ 10601000.031

The Mind that is Awakened serves only the Holy Spirit, and the Holy Spirit is
merely Right-mindedness. And what is Right-mindedness if not True Knowledge?

>> Summary ~ 10603000.015

Within you, then, even in this very moment, there abides a part of the mind
that already knows the Truth that sets all things free. That part of the mind
can be accessed at any time by any one under any condition.

That part of the mind is like an empty and open channel. Nothing can obscure
its purity — nothing. Nothing you have ever done, nothing you have ever
thought, nothing you’ve ever miscreated obscures the perfect silence, the utter
purity, of your connection with the Source of your being. For Love is always
connected to Itself.

>> Summary ~ 10603000.043

The changing can never be the source of peace. The world of form — whether
dollars in a bank, houses, cars, people, friends, lovers, pets, plants, and all
of the rest — the world of form, in itself, can never be the source of perfect
freedom. These things arise and pass away and are like ephemeral shadows, wisps
of foam dancing in an ocean. When the mind becomes identified with the form,
that mind suffers. When the mind is liberated from attachment to form, it is
free, for it is identified only with content, or simply the Reality of Love.

>> Summary ~ 10604000.003

In reality, the body does not contain you. Rather, you contain the body. Mind
is vast, eternal, and unlimited. Mind is what every being that you know
participates in, like waves participating in the ocean.

>> Summary ~ 10605000.065

For you see, in The Way of Knowing, the mind that abides in a perfectly
liberated state knows that the world of effects that that mind is experiencing
contain within them the very secrets to an ever-increasing delight in the
presence of God’s Love, that there is no such thing as failure. There is only
ongoing success, as Life evolves from good, to better, to best — as the mind
learns to be the Presence of Love.

>> Summary ~ 10606000.013

The Peace of Christ comes only to that mind that withdraws valuation from the
past and the future, and surrenders into the present. For only in the present
can Love be felt, known, and extended. Such a mind is a creator. And through
that mind, the perfection of Love’s extension flows — without impediment,
without obstacle, and without mistake.

The mind, then, that is free, free from the egoic need to make, to control, to
shape, the mind that is free from identification with the past and anxiety over
the future, abides in the perfectly eternal now — for no other reason than to
receive the awareness that it abides in Love’s perfect presence, and then
allows that mysterious Reality through that mind, right where it is, as it is.

>> Summary ~ 10606000.019

Any time your mind has fallen under the power of the egoic mind, which
is just to choose wrongly and insanely for a moment, the Reality of your being
never goes away. It’s never changed or altered in any way. All that has
occurred is that you have used time to lose awareness of the Truth. And in the
next moment, you are free to choose again. The Healed Mind is One which accepts
Its True Knowingness:

I and my Father are One. Only Love is real. I cannot possibly be a victim of
what I see, since what I see is what I choose to see. And if I choose to see
with the Eyes of Love, all I see is perfect innocence and the Will of my Father
clearly at work.

The Healed Mind is simply One that rests in that simple Reality. It has merely
trained Itself to always choose for the Voice for Love, that’s all. It doesn’t
matter what arises and passes away. The Healed Mind is not a mind that can make
whatever It wants to happen, happen. That is the egoic attempt to become
absolutely powerful. The meek of heart — the pure of heart — are those who
realize that making is the illusion. Being is the reality.

>> Summary ~ 10606000.023

And the Awakened Mind is awakened to the ever-present flow of content,
pervading all form, at all time. This is why, for the Awakened Mind, loss is
not possible, and death is seen as unreal. For death can pertain only to the
form. Forms begin in time and end in time, such as a body; that is a form
you’re very clearly aware of. Ideas have a beginning and an end. Love is the
only thing that knows neither beginning nor end, being the fundamental energy
of God Itself.

>> Summary ~ 10606000.024

The Healed Mind does not plan. What does that mean? It doesn’t mean that it
doesn’t structure a day — that is, make decisions whether its going to make
this phone call now and that one later. But it does not plan what the day shall
be for. It merely surrenders into Love and allows Love to birth the day. Do you
see the difference? The egoic mind arises in the morning already believing it
knows what this one day is for, and this day can have no purpose but the
sustaining of the authority of the ego and trying again to make the world
conform to what the egoic mind believes must be so. The Awakened Mind knows
that this day has no purpose, save that which the Creator would give to it —
through the Mind, through the Self. And so, It seeks first the Kingdom and then
all things are added unto It. The day flows out of Its surrender to Love.

The Healed Mind — the truly Healed Mind — is One who is like the wind. When you
look upon the wind, you cannot tell from where it’s coming, and you don’t know
where it’s going. It’s not a logical thing; you can’t control it. You can see
its effects. You can try to measure it. You might even try to predict it. But
it will always leave you guessing.

A Healed Mind is not interested in making. Its only interest is the delight and
joy of creating. It merely shows up where it is asked to be. It no more laments
or complains if it is asked to work twenty-three hours a day at bringing forth
some creation that extends the Presence and Love of God. It merely does what is
asked. The Healed Mind is no longer attached to the world’s definitions of
success or failure. For those pertain to the realm of making. It is no longer
attached to what others think of Its creation, for It trusts the Mystery that
has birthed It and that operates through It in each moment.

>> Summary ~ 10606000.028

The relaxed mind absorbs all knowledge. The making mind misses all knowledge.
The relaxed and healed mind is like a sponge that is constantly learning and
being shaped by what it learns. The making mind has no room in it to receive
anything new because it has already decided what the truth is, what it should
look like, and what it should sound like. It misses the moment in which it can
observe, be the conduit for, and the one who is creating, an experience of
Love.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.049

So where does experience occur? It does not occur at the level of the body-mind
itself. It occurs at the level of mind. And mind shapes experience according to
what it chooses to value.

Now, does that mean that you just drop doing anything in the world? No. An
Awakened being in the world simply delights and has fun — from a state of
clarity of knowing that whatever they choose to do with the body-mind is merely
a free choice based on what they’re choosing to value in the moment. And if
they own that valuation, they can totally enjoy the experience they’re having.

And then, they have come full circle. If they want to design a website, if they
want to be a banker, if they want to be a dancer, a prostitute, a farmer — it
no longer matters! For the mind that is awake, while the body lasts, merely
sees experience arise and pass away. It takes total ownership and realizes that
It has the power to create its experience as being delightful, fulfilling, and
a blessing — regardless of what the body-mind is actually doing.

There can be no difference, you see. It doesn’t matter if you are a teacher
standing at the shores of a great lake in what you now call your Israel,
standing at a boat, talking to a hoard of hundreds, or perhaps seeing if you
can actually make a few fish and loaves of bread feed five thousand,

Oh! How about that! That was fun!

There is no difference between that and driving a truck in New York City and
delivering frozen fish, if the mind within the soul is taking complete
ownership and delighting in the mystery of creating experience, and chooses to
bring enjoyment and freedom to that moment.


