[All Events are Neutral]
[All Events are Perfect]

>> Summary ~ 10401000.015

The insanity does not come from having chosen to see something other
than the Mind of Christ. The insanity, which you experience as your pain and as
your suffering and your seeking and your dramas, comes only from your mistaken
choice to become identified with what arises in the field of your awareness.
You, therefore, lose the sight of innocence. For all events are
perfectly neutral, and you are free to see them any way you want.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.048

For is it not written that you must again become a little child to enter the
Kingdom? The little child simply marvels at all that they see: “Well, how about
that?” Can you imagine looking upon the deepest, darkest parts of your own
shadow, your own denials and being able to say, “Oh, how about that!”? Hmm.
Remember that everything is neutral, and in Truth all that which arises
within your consciousness has no effect upon the Truth of your reality.

>> Summary ~ 10402000.033

Because all events in space and time — everything you experience — because
these things are perfectly neutral, there is, in reality, never failure.

>> Summary ~ 10408000.028

You can hold on to the hope that you are still a victim of the world that you
see, that events hold some value in themselves that does not come from what you
place upon it.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.016

All webs of relationship, all energy fields, are absolutely neutral. What
creates experience is how you decide you will view that web of relationship,
that field of energy. The effect of that decision is also completely neutral.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.017

But how can that be? For when a logger sees a tree and sees only the profit to
be made, forests disappear. And when an environmentalist looks at a tree, the
tree remains and the mighty owls and the birds have a place to make their home.
Surely, are we not to perpetuate the same reality, the same experience that all
human beings have had? Is there not loss when the forest disappears? Listen
well and carefully: All events are neutral. You are the one that places the
value upon it.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.024

The events, then, that you experience are always neutral. And what you see
occurring in the world around you remains neutral until you make the decision
what it will be for you. You will name it and, therefore, you will define it.
And when you define it, you call all of the associations of that to your self.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.035

Be careful what you decree. Look to see where you are emotionally enmeshed with
the value you have placed upon anything or anyone, any relationship whatsoever,
whether it be the relationship with your spouse, the relationship with your
government, the relationship with your body, the relationship with your cat or
your dog, the relationship with your bank account — all of your relationships.

For you have made them what they are. And where can freedom be experienced,
save within a consciousness that has learned how to transcend the contraction
of fear? And fear is the result of your attachment to the values you have
placed upon the events you experience, which are made up of events, persons,
places, things — all of these are actually just events. Every web of
relationship comes to you perfectly neutral. You decree it by naming it and
defining it. When one comes to you in anger and you react, recognize that you
first decided that they are angry, and you have brought forth with it all of
the associations you have ever decided to value concerning what anger means.

And yet, in that very moment, you hold the power to witness this field of
energy circulating through the body and mind and the speech of another, and to
see it as a dance of energy, a mystery arising from some unseen source, some
unseen web of relationships. And you could look upon it with curiosity and with
wonder, if you defined it differently. This is true for all things that arise.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.056

Therefore, why would you ever believe that from God, Who is but Love and
Unlimited Creativity and Power, could ever beget something that is small and
little and powerless? It doesn’t happen. God cannot be victimized. Therefore,
God’s creation remains victimless. All events remain neutral, and all that the
environmentalist and the logger are doing is using the power of consciousness
to momentarily create the belief that they are this and not that. They place a
value, of their own choosing, upon an event of energy that they call a “tree.”
And by what value they place upon it, they call the quality of experience that
they will have into their field of awareness. That’s all that’s happening.

>> Summary ~ 10504000.041

Fear is just an energy, and nothing more. In itself, it is perfectly neutral.
For all events are neutral. And fear, being merely a dance or a play of energy
itself, must be an entirely neutral event, until something arises to perceive
and experience it differently. The birth of egoic consciousness.

>> Summary ~ 10507000.019

Surrender means to settle into the position of the servant, the conduit through
which the Mind of God, the Love of God, can be expressed. The mind that exists
in perfect surrender sees absolutely no purpose to any moment of experience
save this. The mind in perfect surrender looks out upon a world that has been
healed from its own misperception that the world has had power over it. It sees
that at no time has it experienced anything but its own outpicturing. This is
why all events are neutral. It is mind that interprets an event, draws a
conclusion, and then bases behavior upon it.

>> Summary ~ 10509000.033

Remember, then, that always, forgiveness is essential. It is necessary for the
Atonement. Forgiveness is another word for allowance. We speak here not of a
blind passivity, but of a relinquishment within one’s own mind, and that is
all. It is a willingness to see the complete neutrality of all events. It is a
willingness to let the Comforter remind you that separation does not exist,
that you cannot possibly make yourself guilty of sin and all the rest.

Forgiveness is a relinquishment of what you have decided is true about the
world. It is, then, very much a self-centered practice. Of yourself, you cannot
forgive your brother or sister for anything, because, in reality, they’ve done
nothing. Forgiveness is forgiveness of one’s self for insisting on replacing
Reality with your own version of it.

>> Summary ~ 10511000.065

It is the energies that you are experiencing that everyone knows. And the trick
of healing and awakening is to come to see the neutrality of all energy, so
that you can choose to inform it with the value that the Holy Spirit would give
it. Then, time becomes sacred. It becomes eternal. It becomes a tool for Love.
Even the body becomes a tool that Love uses to bring about healing. What other
purpose could a body hope to have?

>> Summary ~ 10606000.036

To create means that you are committed to seeking first the Kingdom of Heaven,
then allowing yourself to celebrate that, regardless of what your physical eyes
show you, regardless of how the brain-mind is interpreting or creating
perception of what the physical eyes reveal to it, regardless of all of that,
you are free. For whatever is arising is perfectly harmless. Forms come and go,
Love remains. And where else can you possibly find freedom, except as one who
is merely abiding as the decision for Love?

>> Summary ~ 10607000.049

So where does experience occur? It does not occur at the level of the body-mind
itself. It occurs at the level of mind. And mind shapes experience according to
what it chooses to value.

An Awakened being in the world simply delights and has fun — from a state of
clarity of knowing that whatever they choose to do with the body-mind is merely
a free choice based on what they’re choosing to value in the moment. And if
they own that valuation, they can totally enjoy the experience they’re having.

For the mind that is awake, while the body lasts, merely sees experience arise
and pass away. It takes total ownership and realizes that It has the power to
create its experience as being delightful, fulfilling, and a blessing —
regardless of what the body-mind is actually doing.

This is why events of the world can never bind you. All suffering comes because
of the interpretation you are overlaying over events. And in that very moment,
you have used God’s gift to you, which is the power of awareness, to create its
experience.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.073

See the perfection of all events. For the waves that arise in the
temporality called the world have no power, in and of themselves. They are
already held in the arms of a perfectly loving God, and each event truly serves
no purpose save to nudge that soul, that spark of pure awareness or
intelligence, to look deeper beyond its illusions.

