
>> Summary ~ 10604000.058

What is authentic is what you feel in the core and the depth of your being — in
innocence. And what do I mean by that? The innocent heart is not needy. It
doesn’t require selected individuals to agree with it. It doesn’t wait until
the Universe nods its head in approval.  It merely knows it is innocent and
acts from it, and is not attached to the opinions of the world. Authenticity is
the core through which Christ Mind grows.

>> Summary ~ 10604000.062

Where am I being inauthentic?

Where am I just showing up the way I think Harry down the street needs me to
show up?

Where am I being a vegetarian so that I can feel superior to those that are
not?

Where am I controlling my diet because I am afraid that this substance will
make me less spiritual?

Where am I denying my humanity in order to present an image to another?

Where am I getting up and going to the same job every day, when I know in the
secret of my own depth of my beingness, that I just don’t want to be there any
more?

To live authentically, in some sense, is to live alone. To live alone simply
means that you no longer are run by needing to look a certain way, succeed in a
certain way, so that the judgment of the world will nod its head and give you a
“10” instead of a “1.”

In The Way of Knowing, the mind comes to grasp the simple metaphysical Truth
that:

I, and I alone, am creating my tomorrows. And if I create inauthenticity now, I
can rest assured, I will experience it tomorrow. If I create imprisonment for
my soul now, I will experience it tomorrow.

>> Summary ~ 10604000.073

Beloved friends, you were created to create. You were created out of an
overflow of Joy and Love. Therefore, live joyously, live lovingly of yourself.
Dare to consider that your Self is so important that you have an obligation
never to settle for less than your own authenticity. Sometimes that requires
beginning the process of discovering what is authentically yours and not merely
the influence of others.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.09

You are free to be at peace. You are free to release all judgment. You are free
to give yourself the exquisite experience of being The One who allows all
things. You are The One who is free to embrace the innocence of each moment.
You are The One who is free to require sunglasses against the morning sunrise.
You are The One who is free to be free. And to be free is to be authentic. And
to be authentic is to demonstrate the Reality that only God exists.

