
>> Summary ~ 10401000.023

The Heart is that which feels all things, embraces all things,
trusts all things, allows all things. The Heart is that in which the soul rests
eternally. The Heart is that which is beyond space and time and is that spark
of Light in the Mind of God, which is called Christ.

>> Summary ~ 10406000.049

Can you imagine walking upon this Earth, this very planet upon which you find
yourselves, and no matter where you are, feeling as though every wisp of cloud
and every blade of grass and all good things under Heaven and Earth were
already residing with you, within this sphere of your countenance? Can you
imagine walking upon this Earth and sensing that the Light from the farthest of
stars that shines during the night is already within you, that the whole of
Creation was held in the palms of your hands?

>> Summary ~ 10406000.074

Christ is the presence of Love, Christ owns each moment of
experience as wholly self-created, for no other reason than that you have
chosen it from the perfect and infinite freedom of your Unlimited Beingness,
Christ looks upon all things without judgment, through the eyes of
forgiveness, when you decide to embody only the reality of Love, no matter what
anybody else is doing, that is when Life begins! (Christ is Life)

>> Summary ~ 10407000.002

That which knows, that which comprehends immediately, is the Mind of Christ,
that recognizes Itself in each and every one. That Mind of Christ dwells within
you in its fullness now!

>> Summary ~ 10407000.018

Only Christ can express what is absolutely true.

Only Christ can so inform the cellular structure of the body that even the
simplest of gestures extends Love unto another who beholds it. Only Christ
knows how to breathe the breath that releases all trauma, all hurt. Only Christ
understands the power of true forgiveness, which is always, by the way,
forgiveness of one’s self, since no one has wronged you at any time. Only
Christ can bring a smile to the lips of a body, such that when another looks
upon you and sees that smile, their heart is filled. Only Christ can walk in
this world, yet not be of the world. And only Christ can transcend every
limited and fearful creation into the beautiful flower that blossoms and gives
its sweet fragrance to all of Creation.

>> Summary ~ 10407000.034

Each sane moment that you’ve experienced, each moment of unlimitedness, each
moment of genuine intimacy, each moment of grace-filled joy that you’ve ever
known, in whatever form it seems to appear or be bottled before you, has come
because you’ve allowed your mind to slip into the Sea of Peace. And you’ve
merely abided, empty, wanting nothing, seeking nothing, merely the presence of
what you are. And when that quality becomes cultivated so that it permeates
your consciousness with each breath and with each moment, you will know that
Christ has, indeed, arisen this day. And you’ll celebrate Easter with each
breath.

>> Summary ~ 10408000.045

Description of Christ. It just means you finally think only with
your right-mindedness. You think as God thinks, and God thinks lovingly. God
thinks infinitely, timelessly, patiently, certainly, and above all, God thinks
play-fully — full of play!

>> Summary ~ 10408000.1

where Christ lives: within themselves.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.002

And Christ is the firstborn of the Father, that is, it is That
which is begotten, and not made. Christ is God’s creation. Christ is the Holy
Child of God. Christ is as a sunbeam to the sun, radiating forever from the
Holy Mind of what I have called Abba.

I come forth to join with that part of you (Christ) that abides always in perfect
knowledge, perfect peace, perfect knowing-ness, and in perfect union with your
Creator.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.099

Will you give yourself five minutes to learn to be a Christ that creates in
unlimited perfection in alignment with the Mind of God, whose experience is
always radiantly blissful and free of limitation and fear? You will experience
your creation. What that creation is, and how you experience it, is entirely up
to you.

>> Summary ~ 10501000.041

Nothing limits you at all, or at any time. The power of the freedom of choice
is the essence of Christ. In reality, nothing is impossible to you and nothing
unavailable to you.

>> Summary ~ 10501000.09

And you are Christ, playing in the world — unlimited, unfettered, unvictimized
by anything. And what arises, arises, and what passes away, passes away. And
arising and passing away are exactly the same to you.

For you decide how you will be in relationship with each moment.
And you never discover something out there that’s right. You simply create the
structure of your experience.

>> Summary ~ 10505000.002

You are Awareness. You are that which witnesses, that which experiences, that
which pays homage to the one thing that God has created: Christ. Christ, then,
means ‘the anointed.’

>> Summary ~ 10506000.013

For Christ does not store perceptions and knowledge.
Christ, eternally in love with all that God is, merely opens, receives, and
gives, knowing that that which is given comes not of him or herself, but rather
through him or herself, from Infinite Mystery that I have called Abba, or
Father.

>> Summary ~ 10508000.028

Freedom, peace, unlimitedness, and above all, fearlessness must necessarily be
the result of the decision to use the power of the mind to remember, to
realize, to abide in, and to extend the Truth that is true always. And then the
passing phenomenon, called life, is simply seen as a delightful dance. It has
no purpose in and of itself. Once, you gave it a purpose unlike God’s. But as
Christ, the purpose that you see in the world is shared by your Creator with
you, and your will has become the same as God’s: merely to abide and to be of
service in the process whereby those that have been “hoodwinked” can remember
the Truth and become free. And it no longer matters how that occurs, that is,
what form your teaching occurs in. It’s all the same. And you see no difference
between your form and someone else’s, for you will recognize the teachers of
God.

Where did the world go? I used to think it was a fearful place. I used to think
that I had to get ahead. I used to think that there were those who could
victimize me. Now I just see harmlessness. I see nothing out there that can add
anything to me. I am simply at rest and at peace, delighting at play in my
Father’s Kingdom. And where I am, Christ abides.

>> Summary ~ 10508000.055

The highest state of awareness, then, in which perception has been totally
cleansed and purified, is one of paradox as soon as you seek to talk about it.
For you will look upon yourself and see yourself as a body-mind, with a certain
name, living in a certain place on a certain planet, doing a certain thing. And
in the very same moment, in the very same field of your mind, you will know
that you are not that body, that you are not that name, that you are not that
history…that you are something more, you are something grand, you are something
divine, you are something mysterious, you are something beyond comprehension by
any mind, at least in the realm of thought.

And you will literally know and feel within the core of your being the Truth of
both of those. And there will no longer be opposition between them. You will no
longer look at the personality and see a great schism between it and the nature
of Christ Mind, for the two will have become merged as one. You will look at
the most ordinary events that you experience with your body and see no
differentiation whatsoever between that and the Kingdom of Heaven. It simply is
arising, and is literally held in, pervaded by, and suffused by, the Reality
that is true always.

You will know that you are totally free when you no longer feel any obstruction
to whatever is arising in the field of your experience. Why? Because you’ll
simply see it as another opportunity to say:

Holy Spirit, what would you have me say? What would you have me do? What would
it be like in this moment for me to simply realize that only Love is Real?

And then, you will listen to that Voice. You’ll feel it deep in your heart. And
you will simply act on that Voice and none other. You won’t listen to what
other minds think you ought to do. You will simply listen to that one Voice.
And it won’t speak to you from the ego, for there will be no judgment. And you
will simply come and go as one unknown by the world, and yet one who looks to
be very ordinary, one who looks to be the same as everyone else. The difference
is that though the body still seems to walk upon the Earth, you are literally
embracing the Earth. And in you, you will know that fear is gone.

>> Summary ~ 10509000.089

Remember that resistance is the ego; embracing is of Christ. And the one that
allows all things has already transcended all things.

>> Summary ~ 10603000.015

Christ is God’s only creation. Christ is that medium through which the
unfathomable, mysterious, beyond-comprehension Source that I have called Abba,
extends Itself into the creation of temporary forms to reflect, throughout the
Universe, that which the Universe Itself is made of — where it comes from, what
it is enveloped within, and that to which it eternally returns.

Christ knows the Truth that sets all things free. Christ Mind is like an empty
and open channel and nothing can obscure its purity and perfect silence.

>> Summary ~ 10608000.083

The perfect innocence of Christ knows there isn’t anything else to do but love
— to love without limits, to love without fear, to love by extending perfect
freedom to all of Creation to be and do what it wants to be and do. Nothing can
betray you, nothing can hurt you, nothing can bring anything to you or take
anything away. You have the infinite and perfect freedom to love!

