Experience

Freedom, Choice, Awareness, Consciousness, Creation, Label, Desire

>> Summary ~ 10401000.005

Your experience is always the effect of where you choose to focus the
attention of your consciousness.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.007

In reality, each of you is equal; each of you, choosing from your infinite
freedom to attract to yourself certain vibrational frequencies, if you will —
certain forms or qualities of experience. That freedom is what you abide in
always, from before the foundations of this world, and long after this world
ceases to be. In each and every moment, then, you cannot be a victim of what
you see, and nothing is outside of you. What you experience you have directly
and deliberately called to yourself.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.012

And you will see that within your consciousness has arisen all saintlihood and
all devilishness. You have been both saint and sinner, and your happiness and
your unhappiness has been merely an effect of where you would choose to place
your attention.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.015

In each and every moment, what you are experiencing in the realm of your
emotions and mind, and the effects, to a latter degree, within the body, are
there because you — from your infinite freedom — have simply selected that
experience, that energy, to focus your attention on, so that you can see what
the effects are.

>> Summary ~ 10402000.018

In no circumstance is there anything of Creation that has the power to dictate
to you the choice you will make

>> Summary ~ 10402000.049

You have a saying in your world, “It is what it is.” And that is the beginning
of wisdom. You will, of course, discover that what is, is what you have chosen
to make of it. Be, therefore, where you are now, and deliberately decide to
accept wholly that what you are experiencing in this very moment has no cause
whatsoever, except your choice to experience it.

>> Summary ~ 10404000.024

Mastery of desire comes when you recognize that you are safe to feel whatever
wave of desire might come up through your consciousness, because you decide
whether or not you will act on it — you will bring it into the field of
manifestation. The power of choice is the one power that can never be taken
from you. You already have perfect mastery of it, because nothing you ever
experience comes to you without your decision to allow it into the field of
manifestation.

>> Summary ~ 10408000.007

Therefore, understand well: Right now, in this very lived moment, wherever you
are, whatever you are experiencing, all that you see, all that you feel, all
that you know, all that you seek to avoid, all the things you value and
devalue, all things are contained within your awareness. For if they are not
found there, they do not exist for you.

Therefore, look upon that which resides within your awareness, within your
consciousness. What are the things that you know that you know? What are the
things that you would avoid? What are the feelings that you have not explored?
What are the objects, the people, the places, the values that you strive for,
that seem to thrill even the cells of the body? What is the body, itself, if
not that which arises within your awareness?

Look at the planet around you. Look at every object in your room. Look at every
thought you choose to think. Look at the perceptions and ideas that you defend
so vociferously. Look at the thoughts, the feelings of others, that make you
cringe or wish to withdraw from. These things abide within you like the very
power or life force of the wave that has arisen from the ocean. All of these
things you have picked up along the way. And the way has been very long and
varied indeed! For if you can imagine never ceasing to exist, it means that you
have been as a wave of awareness, passing through, so it were, every time
frame, every planetary system, every dimension of creation.

And along the way, one thing has remained constant. You have been in constant
relationship with all of Creation. Oh yes, you may select out a few people, a
few objects, a planet, a dimension, and focus all of your attention. And
attention is nothing more than the decision what you are going to use the power
of your awareness to focus on. And it seems that you have excluded everything
else.

You are, therefore, in relationship with all created things, and there is a
communication that occurs without ceasing. Imagine being able to look into the
air of your planet and to literally see the radio waves, the TV waves, all of
the electrical waves that keep, again, without ceasing, bouncing back and forth
across your planet. This is what you swim in daily. Your consciousness pervades
this field of vibrations. And you are the one who selects out what you are
going to be aware of, what you are therefore calling into your lived
experience. And, therefore, you select what is going to make an imprint upon
you.

>> Summary ~ 10408000.014

Imagine, then, a pool of clear, still water. And into it you drop a solitary
pebble. And from the pebble there radiate waves. This is what is occurring
constantly in the field of your wave of awareness. And as you have attracted to
yourselves certain persons, places, things, objects and, above all, thoughts,
beliefs, perceptions, you have dropped them like little pebbles into the still
clear pool of your vast and eternal awareness. And what you experience are the
effects, or the ripples, of those pebbles. They literally join with the other
ripples that you’ve created. And as these ripples move out and touch one
another and come back to you, that is the field of creation that makes up your
physical, third-dimensional reality.

You are, therefore, never experiencing anything except what you have chosen to
create through your selection of the pebbles that you have dropped into the
field of your awareness. You literally never experience a solitary thing. You
do not experience objects. What you experience is the effect of a thought or a
belief in objects. You never experience another person, for they, themselves,
are made up of a whole web of vibrations.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.006

Beloved friends, even as you abide in your awareness in this moment, you are
the creator of the world you experience. And you do this in so many ordinary
ways.

When you stand face to face with anyone, and for just a split second, you alter
the position of the body through which you gaze upon them — you take up a new
stance, a new perspective — and in that very split second, you have created a
new experience for yourself. When you look upon that friend and the mind moves
from neutrality (which is where you begin every experience) into the thought,

Oh, that is my friend, Mary. That is my friend, St. Germain. Oh, that is my
friend, Peter. That is my friend, Joanna. That is my friend, Nathaniel.

Whatever the name may be, when you hold that thought, already do you begin to
change the experience.

You are a literal creator in that moment. For when you name anything, you
define it according to the factors that you have built into the name that you
use. When you look upon a field of energy arising from the mystery of your
planet Earth and you say the word “tree”, that fast, you have brought forth,
into your manifest experience, everything you have ever decided on that is
associated with the field of energy that you have called “tree.” And in this
way, your experience is entirely unique. It has never been before; it will
never be. Nothing can repeat it. And this is why Creation is forever new.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.024

The events, then, that you experience are always neutral. And what you see
occurring in the world around you remains neutral until you make the decision
what it will be — for you. You will name it and, therefore, you will define it.
And when you define it, you call all of the associations of that to your self.
This is why once I taught it is very wise to forgive seventy times seven times
— for a very selfish reason. For if one wrongs you, and you spend your energy
convincing them that they have wronged you, that, therefore, you have a right
to be angry, to be attacking in any way, you call to yourself, even into the
cells of the body, the energy of conflict, judgment, war, death, disease,
unhappiness, and separation — that fast!

But if you forgive seventy times seven, then in each of those moments of
forgiveness, you call into your field of energy what reminds you of
unconditional Love, perfect peace, a power that transcends anything that arises
in the world. You call to yourself the reality of Christ. And all of it hinges
on nothing more than the pebbles that you drop into your mind.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.035

Be careful what you decree. Look to see where you are emotionally enmeshed with
the value you have placed upon anything or anyone, any relationship whatsoever,
whether it be the relationship with your spouse, the relationship with your
government, the relationship with your body, the relationship with your cat or
your dog, the relationship with your bank account — all of your relationships.

For you have made them what they are. And where can freedom be experienced,
save within a consciousness that has learned how to transcend the contraction
of fear? And fear is the result of your attachment to the values you have
placed upon the events you experience, which are made up of events, persons,
places, things — all of these are actually just events. Every web of
relationship comes to you perfectly neutral. You decree it by naming it and
defining it. When one comes to you in anger and you react, recognize that you
first decided that they are angry, and you have brought forth with it all of
the associations you have ever decided to value concerning what anger means.

And yet, in that very moment, you hold the power to witness this field of
energy circulating through the body and mind and the speech of another, and to
see it as a dance of energy, a mystery arising from some unseen source, some
unseen web of relationships. And you could look upon it with curiosity and with
wonder, if you defined it differently. This is true for all things that arise.
Even that which is called the great diseases of the body, that seem to threaten
the life of the body in your world, can be looked at with complete neutrality.
But if you define them in a specific way, you will call to yourself the fear of
that event, which comes with all of the associations you have learned from the
world, from your own experiences.

>> Summary ~ 10409000.038

Nothing can be said to exist, for you, until you have tasted the lived
experience of it.

>> Summary ~ 10501000.049

In every moment of your experience, what you experience is coming
from within you. It is not placed in you from a source outside of yourself. And
in every moment, you remain free to observe and to notice whether you are
having a good time being where you are — that is, being in your perception of
life, and recognizing you have the power to think differently.

Oh, that’s right, I’m not in a traffic jam. There is no such thing as a traffic
jam. Everything is perfect. There is just a giant weaving together of
experiences of infinite souls. So while I sit here in this little car with this
funny little body, I’m going to be Christ. And I’m going to tap in to what’s
going on around the edges of my awareness. And I’ll feel the thoughts of anyone
I choose to direct attention to. And from the depth of my being, I will direct
Love to them. I can choose to be the Truth of who I am. The red light, the
automobiles, all jangled together — these things do not create my experience.
My experience is flowing from within. It is being extended outward.

Listen carefully. No one has the power to create your experience. No one has
the power to limit your experience. And nowhere in the Laws of God has it ever
been written that you must conform your experience to the choices of another.
You remain free, to freely choose to be the embodiment of Christ. You are the
one who can bless Creation. And it begins when you are willing to assume
responsibility for what you want to use time for.

>> Summary ~ 10501000.081

Your consciousness is exactly like that. And all that you experience, from the
moment you awaken in the morning until the moment you awaken in the morning
again (because there is no downtime) — everything you see, everything you
experience, is the direct result of where and how you have drawn the lines on
the blank canvas of consciousness. And you are free at any time to erase them
and draw differently.

>> Summary ~ 10508000.009

Beloved friends, you will only experience what you desire. And that is why
desire is always the first and most fundamental key to the process of
awakening.

The simplest way to discover what it is that you desire in any moment is to
simply stop and observe,

What thoughts are currently taking place within my mind? How am I perceiving
the world that seems to be around the body?

And most especially,

How am I perceiving myself in this moment?

And with honesty you will see quite quickly and quite easily what it is you
have most desired to experience in this moment.

It can, indeed, be quite shocking when awareness begins to turn back on itself
to observe the mechanics of its own thinking processes in the world, and then
to hold the thought that the thoughts that are, indeed, dancing in the mind are
there for no other reason than that they have been desired by the Truth of who
you are. And you are that power–that power–which has been birthed from the Mind
of God…made in God’s image, that is, with infinite power, to create what you
choose to experience. Desire, then, is integral to the understanding of the
very process of transformation, for what you desire, you do experience.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.033

For in reality, the experience in your domain is one in which the mind has
created and is aware of all things unlike Love. It then splits itself off and
projects an image, called the ego, to itself first, and obviously to others,
that it most wants to believe is true.

>> Summary ~ 10603000.065

For you see, it is fear that causes you to be unable to digest what you place
in the body — the body of the emotions, or the body of the mind. It is what
causes stress in the subtle system of the body: the emotional body, the mental
body, the causal body — the subtle nonphysical bodies. What causes the greatest
problem is your refusal to digest what you’ve taken in. And just as food is a
physical substance taken into the body, an experience of any kind is a “food”
that has been called to the soul. Anything that arises that cannot pass through
you, through your willingness to embrace it with Love, to feel it completely,
will cause “indigestion” of the physical, emotional, mental, and causal beings
or bodies.

Therefore, indeed, beloved friends, learn to digest all things in Love. Learn
to digest the traffic jam in Love. Learn to digest the dying of a pet in Love.
Learn to digest an apple in Love. Learn to digest a hurtful thought in Love.
Learn to digest a misperception that there’s something wrong with the world
around you with Love. Transform all things by the power of your only Reality.

>> Summary ~ 10605000.02

Live in that question, beloved friends, and begin to apply it to the whole of
your life. Begin to look at your life, look at the effects you experience as
your surroundings and your context. Are you alone, with no lover or friends,
hmm? What have you believed about the world previously? For somewhere, it is
the nature of your thought, the agreements you’ve made unconsciously or
consciously about what things mean, the agreements you have made with the
culture in which you have been birthed, the family into which you have been
birthed, that has actually generated the energy that is showing up as the
effects you experience as your life. What thoughts or beliefs were you holding
within the mind?

One common thought might be,

Oh, I just can’t really make it on my own. I need to be taken care of. I don’t
believe I have what it takes.

Then, twenty-five years later, you wonder why you feel resentment toward the
mate. The resentment is merely the recognition that you thought a negative
thought about yourself, acted upon it, and have created the effects of someone
who is controlling and provides you with all your money. You think there is a
fault in them because you have forgotten to see the pebble that you dropped
into the pond of omnipotent creativity which is the domain of the mind.

Karma, then, is an effect of how the mind is used.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.049

If you look closely, you’ll discover that your experience is the value you
place upon the event. Experience actually occurs nowhere but in the field of
the mind.

So where does experience occur? It does not occur at the level of the body-mind
itself. It occurs at the level of mind. And mind shapes experience according to
what it chooses to value.

This is why events of the world can never bind you. All suffering comes because
of the interpretation you are overlaying over events. And in that very moment,
you have used God’s gift to you, which is the power of awareness, to create its
experience.

>> Summary ~ 10608000.025

In any moment — any moment of experience — regardless of what is occurring,
where Love is not present within you as a known commodity, you are in fear.

Peace, then, is not a passivity. Peace, the very state of Love, is a state in
which no experience is obstructed within you. Do not make the mistake, as so
many do, of thinking that experience has something to do with what is outside
of the very body-mind. For remember, nothing is caused by a single event
occurring beyond the boundary of the body-mind.

>> Summary ~ 10608000.052

You have heard me say before that the spiritual path cannot begin until a mind
accepts complete responsibility for the entire field of its experience. This
must include the comings and goings of all beings.

Nothing you create can arise by accident. And nothing you experience but calls
you to the field of unchanging and perfect Love that transcends, supersedes,
and underlies all that arises and passes away.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.071

But the whole time, you are, indeed, being who You Are. You Are the Light that
lights the world. For in being whatever you’ve chosen to be at any moment, You
Are That which generates awareness of experience. And that is all that We Are
as the Mind of God: That which generates experience. For experience is the
extension of Creation.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.082

God extends Creation without ceasing. You will, therefore, always continue to
exist as The One who creates experience. And this is why there is only one
question worth asking,

What do I truly want?

For you will experience the answer to that question. And, in fact, your
experience is the answer to the question. You can lay in bed with the flu and
ask yourself the question,

What do I truly want? Well, this body-mind has the flu. I am experiencing
exactly what I have wanted.

And you can embrace it and love it, and see it as perfectly innocent, because
that is the Truth of it. Having the flu is not a sign of failure. The death of
the body is not a sign of failure. It’s just what is arising as the extension
of Creation.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.087

When a wave is cast up out of the ocean, it does not lose its wetness. And who
would say that this wave is better than that wave? And yet, I say unto you, the
mind that chooses one wave over the other is the Mind of God creating Creation.
For in the very moment when one wave is chosen as having a greater value,
experience has been had. And experience is the extension of Creation. You,
therefore, are a Creator, and you create without ceasing. And you remain,
today, exactly as you were when you were created by your Self.

>> Summary ~ 10611000.034

Therefore, indeed, beloved friends, if you are to complete this year of The Way
of Knowing, then know this — as you think, so shall you be. And how you think,
how you choose to perceive and believe, will determine what you see in the
world. And what you believe you see will determine how you act. It will
determine the friends you keep, the kind of career you create, where you live,
and how you feel.

In other words, if you hold the thought that you cannot trust the Universe to
support you, you will look out and see a world that seems, self-evidently, to
reveal to you that such a thought is true. You will then create behaviors to
insulate yourself and never let the world know what you want. And then, of
course, you will wonder why life seems to go on as it always has.

Learn, then, always to inquire, not out into the world but into yourself —

If I am having this experience, what must I have believed to be true about
myself and about the world?

The truth will come, through prayer and through honesty. And when you discover
it, you will know it. And then use the sovereign power of free choice given
unto you, which is, indeed, the Truth of the Kingdom, to choose otherwise.

