
>> Summary ~ 10504000.005

The very first level of Creation, then, is when That which we call God, or
Abba, first began the indescribable, the unexplainable mystery of birthing
Himself forth, out of the eternal matrix of his Being. That first level of
Creation was Pure Spirit–a subtle, subtle movement in which a gentle Sunbeam
begins to emerge from the Sun, or a ray of Light soundlessly begins to emanate
from Light Itself. In Pure Spirit, you are unbounded; you are without form. But
you are not without Consciousness. You’re not without Self-awareness. In
Spirit, there is only Self–not self and other, not self apart from form, but
simply Self … radiant, shimmering, unbounded, alone, yet not lonely. Rather,
filled with Self, filled with God, filled with Love.

This first level of Creation never changes. It is as God, Itself.

>> Summary ~ 10403000.002

The Mystery that is closer to you than your own breath and awaits your discovery.

>> Summary ~ 10408000.002

You have come forth from a great Mystery that I have called Abba, Father. You
have come forth from Pure Intelligence, Pure Love, a source beyond all
comprehension. You have come forth from the Radiance of a Light so bright that
the world cannot see it nor contain it. You have come forth from That which,
alone, is eternally real. And because you have come forth from It, you are One
with It always.

You abide in a relationship — created to Creator, offspring or child to parent
— that is so intimate, a bond so deep, that it cannot be broken at any time. In
each and every moment of your experience, do you abide in a union so powerful,
so mysterious, so intimate and immediate that the mind cannot comprehend it.

>> Summary ~ 10408000.005

The Mystery beyond comprehension that contains every drop of wisdom and
intelligence necessary to create consciousness itself. And consciousness,
awareness, the power to be aware, the power to choose — this is what you truly
are. And if this Source, this Mystery, can birth this most fundamental aspect
of Creation, does it not deserve to be called Abba or Father, That which
creates like unto Itself?

If you are aware, in this moment, it is because you are One with the Source of
all Creation and cannot be separated from It in any way or at any time?

>> Summary ~ 10408000.053

Well, imagine being God — infinite, vast, without a top or bottom or a left or
a right, filled with nothing but pure, unconditional, radiant Love!

He looked upon all of Creation, which literally means
not just this planet but all of an infinite number of creations of dimension
upon dimension upon dimension, and all little webs of relationships called
souls that He brought into existence in one split second and said,

Lo, it is very good! This is My play! And My joy and My Love and My aliveness
has poured forth and overflowed My Grand Being and brought forth into manifest
creation — you!

>> Summary ~ 10412000.076

That Love which God Is is incomprehensible forever! The Sunbeam can never
comprehend the Sun. I am a Sunbeam to that Sun. You are a Sunbeam to that Sun.
We are therefore made of One Substance, and that Substance alone sustains us
throughout eternity.

>> Summary ~ 10502000.02

Your treasure is your Reality as the unlimited, holy and only begotten Child of
God. You are a field of consciousness through which the Father would extend
Himself.

Whose only will is to extend That Which He Is, forever — unbounded, unlimited.
And God is but Love.

>> Summary ~ 10502000.029

God is the reality that shines through everything, that is present in the very
material that makes up the chair in which you are sitting, that literally
pervades the thing that you call the body that you think is so dense and hard.

There is nothing that you see that is not pervaded by the Perfect
Radiance of God’s Holy Presence–nothing. The stone, a leaf, a piece of paper
blown by the wind, even the shoutings of fear and anger from anyone yet
contains within it–if you would receive it–the Perfect Love of God. For your
Father does not ever recoil or withdraw from the unlimited and perfect
Extension of Himself. And God is but Love.

>> Summary ~ 10504000.084

In Its desire to create, the One becomes what you perceive as the many, yet
remains always the One.

>> Summary ~ 10508000.041

God is infinite and perfect freedom. That which I refer to as God simply never
deviates from desiring only the extension of Love, the birthing of that which
is like unto Himself–you.

>> Summary ~ 10601000.012

God gives rise to God, looking back upon Himself. Mystery of pure content gives
rise to temporary form in order that Pure Mystery might be apprehended.

>> Summary ~ 10601000.025

The thirst that you have felt for God is God’s thirst for Herself. You are
literally the Field of Awareness of God in which God has awareness of Himself,
because you are the Power of God, and only by that Power have you ever been
able to be aware of something that has appeared to be other than God, for even
fear rests in Love.

>> Summary ~ 10603000.015

Christ is God’s only creation. Christ is that medium, if you will, through
which the unfathomable, mysterious, beyond-comprehension Source that I have
called Abba, extends Itself into the creation of temporary forms to reflect,
throughout the Universe, that which the Universe Itself is made of — where it
comes from, what it is enveloped within, and that to which it eternally
returns.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.04

The matrix of Love, which is the presence of the Father, the Pure Intelligence,
the Field in which all things arise and pass away and never changes, that
Field is like a canvas upon which the Grand Artist paints.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.04

Yes, in the end, you can even say that God has created nothing. For nothing can
be outside of what God Is. I have given unto you many clues over the years. I
have told you that if God forgot to think about you for one moment, you would
cease to be. Think about what that must mean. It must mean that you are
inhering so much in God, that a simple thought in the Mind of God both creates
you or destroys you. In the flash of an eye, you either are in existence or you
are not. And yet, what could then be in existence but the Will of God? If you
exist, you must be in the Mind of God — that Perfect Power by which all things
arise and pass away.

And God’s Creation occurs nowhere. That is, It has no location. The planet
Earth, the bodies that inhabit it, the physical universe in which the planet
Earth is spinning about — all of these things are not at all unlike what you
experience when you close your eyes and imagine having ice cream. You create
the image. You have the experience. You see yourself giving the cashier your
golden coins (or in this case, perhaps, some of your silver coins). You eat the
ice cream. You see yourself smile. You can feel it move down into your belly.
Where did all of that exist? Could anybody find it outside the power of
consciousness to create? No.

You are like the ice cream in the Mind of God. God sees Himself, appearing as
you, doing exactly what you are doing in each and every moment. And if God, for
one split second, dropped the thought of you, you would entirely disappear. And
all of those beings around you, who you think are different people, would
instantly have no recollection of you, whatsoever.

There can only be God. You are God’s Dream. You are God’s Creation. You are
God’s Child, in the sense that you are God shaping Itself into a temporary
expression of Itself. And for what purpose? To simply extend Creation. You are
That One! All Power under Heaven and Earth resides within you! When you bend to
pick up a glass, God is embracing God! And if God were not choosing that, in
that moment, you would cease to be. Even the body would vanish from view.

>> Summary ~ 10610000.016

And God is but Love. God is the Wisdom of the Christ Mind. God is the Sonship.

