>> Summary ~ 10409000.046

Dishonesty (Denial) is the opposite of honesty.

You are a ceaseless creator; it is time to become honest about the
effects of the ripples of the pebbles you have dropped into the field
of awareness. A creator who understands that effects are being generated
moment to moment to moment gladly gives up the energy of denial and
turns to look at every moment of experience to discern what choice they
must have made to bring about the effects they're experiencing.

[We have denied our creative ability and seen ourselves as victims.]

>> Summary ~ 10510000.012

Honesty is that act in which the mind is no longer committed to
hiding from its own darkness.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.014

A cornerstone of the universal curriculum must always be the cultivation
of a deep self-honesty. And in self-honesty, one decides to simply
observe the mind, itself, to simply observe the behavior that flows from
the mind through the body, as it gestures itself out into the world.
True self-honesty requires time. And why? Because the ego is the attempt
to replace honesty and Truth with dishonesty and falsity.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.02

Take a moment and cultivate deep self-honesty by answering these
questions:

Have I ever had a murderous thought?

Have I ever manipulated another mind in order to try to gain what I believed I
needed?

Have I ever withdrawn love for the subtle reason of causing hurt, or trying to
cause hurt to another?

Have I ever had–shall we call them–disrespectful sexual fantasies?

Have I ever hated the world?

Have I ever despised myself?

Have I ever hated God?

Now, in perfect self-honesty, the answer to each of those questions can only be
“Yes.” And the honest mind looks upon all that has arisen within it without
judgment. For there can be no honesty while there is judgment.

Pay attention to your mind and even into your body and
breath. What occurs as you begin to get closer to the Truth? Do you notice a
little bit of restlessness, the mind becoming more active with chatter? Decide
for silence. Decide for peace. For healing occurs to the depth and degree of
which the mind is willing to embrace what occurs within it.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.045

Cultivation of self-honesty takes time because the mind has used its own
power to be in denial about its own miscreations. It doesn't want to own
them. It wants you to believe that it's a very high spiritual being and
will cling to that image like a robe around the body on a cold winter
day no matter what.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.05

Self-honesty is the greatest act of Love that you will ever experience within
yourself–greater than any sexual union, greater than any adulation of the
world, greater than any mystical experience. The embracing of deep
self-honesty, the mastery of it, is the greatest act of Love that the mind can
experience. For in perfect self-honesty, the world is transcended, fear is
dissolved, enlightenment is present. And in enlightenment there is remembrance
of perfect innocence, in union with God.

>> Summary ~ 10510000.081

Lack of honesty in self leads to lack of honesty in relationship. And lack of
honesty in relationship creates the tension and appearance of separation and
guilt, which is the very nemesis that the soul is seeking to overcome.
Self-honesty, then–the return to perfect peace — requires, in the end, the
cultivation of vulnerability, for,

In my perfect vulnerability, I find my perfect safety.

>> Summary ~ 10604000.033

[Be honest with what you experience]

You, and you alone, are completely responsible for the quality of your
experience of each moment. No one is doing anything to you. The world is
not an unsafe place. And what you experience in life is the direct
result of what flows from the inside out.

Is there any point, then, to be fearful of something? Of course not! If
you are fearful, at least accept that you have decreed it to be so:

I choose to have the experience of being a contracted and fearful human
being.

At least take ownership and recognize the simple Truth that as the world
shows up to reflect that fear to you, it is doing so only out of loving
service to you.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.028

It doesn’t mean you have to give it up and go live penniless on the
street.  What matters is that you become perfectly honest with what
you’re doing.

In the world, you will do what you do because of where you place your
value. This is why I’ve often said,

If you want to know truly what you idolize, what you are committed to,
what you most deeply believe, merely look at where you are, who you’re
with, and what you’re doing with your time, and how you feel about it —
truthfully.


