>> Summary ~ 10401000.015

The insanity does not come from having chosen to see something other
than the Mind of Christ. The insanity, which you experience as your pain and as
your suffering and your seeking and your dramas, comes only from your mistaken
choice to become identified with what arises in the field of your awareness.
You, therefore, lose the sight of innocence. For, indeed, all events are
perfectly neutral, and you are free to see them any way you want.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.047

Eventually each soul must find its way into The Way of the Heart, and come back
to the Truth that it’s time to take responsibility, to learn to cultivate the
ability to look upon the deep and vicious blackness of what I have called ego,
which is nothing more than the cesspool of denial — it is that which lacks
Light — and begin to bring Light back to it by simply observing your own mind,
your own behavior, your own reactions with a sense of wonder, with a sense of
innocence, with a sense of childlikeness.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.048

[innocence described in terms of a child]

For is it not written that you must again become a little child to enter the
Kingdom? The little child simply marvels at all that they see: “Well, how about
that?” Can you imagine looking upon the deepest, darkest parts of your own
shadow, your own denials and being able to say, “Oh, how about that!”? Hmm.
Remember, then, that everything is neutral, and in Truth all that which arises
within your consciousness has no effect upon the Truth of your reality.

>> Summary ~ 10402000.045

The eye of the needle that separates you in your consciousness from the world
of conflict and fear and guilt and unworthiness — that world and the world of
the Truth of the Kingdom lie side by side, within your own mind. And the eye of
the needle that one must pass through is the recultivation of the innocence of
a child. And it is for this reason that I often taught,

Become again as a little child, to enter the Kingdom.

And the cultivation of The Way of the Heart is that pathway whereby you
deliberately, consciously, choose to become again as an innocent child, as you
were in the beginning, before you ever created, and then incarnated into, this
dimension of experience that seems to be so permeated by a sense of conflict
and separation.

>> Summary ~ 10402000.109

So, engage in your exercises with great zeal, with great joy, and, above all,
with great outrageous playfulness! Learn to look with innocence upon all that
arises

>> Summary ~ 10403000.007

I discovered that if I looked upon my perceptions, my feelings, my behavior,
exactly as they were, without overshadowing them with my own interpretations —
if I could teach myself to embrace things with innocence — veils began to be
dissolved from my mind

>> Summary ~ 10509000.013

Denial can never purify the mind. For you cannot transcend what you refuse to
embrace. For in embracing does Love return to the place where shadow once
dwelt. And Love alone heals all things. The innocent need not fear.

>> Summary ~ 10604000.058

What is authentic is what you feel in the core and the depth of your being — in
innocence. And what do I mean by that? The innocent heart is not needy. It
doesn’t require selected individuals to agree with it. It doesn’t wait until
the Universe nods its head in approval.  It merely knows it is innocent and
acts from it, and is not attached to the opinions of the world. Authenticity is
the core through which Christ Mind grows. And any time you look and see that
you’ve not been living authentically, and decide to take a deep breath and let
your illusions be shattered by becoming transparent and telling the truth, and
allowing whatever changes that need to occur to occur — then indeed, you are
growing your Christ Mind.

