>> Summary ~ 10407000.034

[Choosing Peace is when you] abide, empty, wanting nothing, seeking
nothing, merely [being] the presence of what you are.

>> Summary ~ 10408000.1

True peace is found within.

>> Summary ~ 10507000.026

Peace spoken of here is beyond all understanding. It is not the
conditional peace of the world. It cannot be bargained for or the result
of compromise.

Peace comes only when any mind surrenders unconditionally the dream of
the dreamer so that there is only God and God's creation.

>> Summary ~ 10602000.011

More important than clairvoyance, clairaudience, the ability to leave
the body, the experience of communicating with discarnate beings, is
Peace. Peace is the culmination of the spiritual journey.  It becomes
the field in which one has entered the Kingdom and journeys within in
perfect freedom.

Peace is the goal. But Peace is not a passivity, it is the seat of
creative power.

>> Summary ~ 10602000.014

As purification begins to touch most fundamental or most radical levels, the
sweetness of Peace begins to be remembered - faintly at first, and then more
and more, and more and more.

>> Summary ~ 10602000.021

Peace is the end of the journey.

Peace is not the avoidance of pain. It is not the avoidance of responsibility.
It is the doorway to the greatest of responsibilities in which the mind, the
heart, the soul, and even the body, while it lasts, has been so purified of
dissonance, it has become so aligned with the Will of God, that it looks upon
all things with the Compassion of Christ.

For the only goal of the Awakened Christ - and Peace and Christ
Consciousness are one and the same - is to be an agent through which the
Power of Grace works to transform illusion. That Mind serves the
Atonement. That Mind may not be understood by others, but how can the
insane understand the sane?

>> Summary ~ 10606000.013

The Peace of Christ, then, depends on your willingness to abide in the present
for no other reason than to extend creation, to be one who receives Love,
acknowledges the presence of Love, breathes Love, and then allows It to flow
through the body-mind, through the voice, through the handwritten word, through
the wink of an eye — whatever it is — and then you’re done with it and you’re
on to the next moment. The Peace of Christ comes only to that mind that
withdraws valuation from the past and the future, and surrenders into the
present. For only in the present can Love be felt, known, and extended. Such a
mind is a creator. And through that mind, the perfection of Love’s extension
flows — without impediment, without obstacle, and without mistake.

>> Summary ~ 10606000.044

And perfect peace can only exist where the mind has transcended all
conflicted states of duality. Transcendence is not denial. It can come
only through embracing, through allowing, through being present.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.04

The mind that rests in freedom has learned to transfer trust and loyalty
to Love. That mind has come to enjoy the peace that comes with only
loving. For what harm can come to the mind that simply loves, who looks
upon all things and sees its perfect innocence and plays in the kingdom
provided by that one’s Father — the kingdom of the body-mind, the
kingdom of space and time, the kingdom of the power to choose Love over
fear?

Suffering comes from being identified with form, whether it be the body,
a belief, a career, a context of experience of any kind. For all
experience comes and goes. Liberation and deep peace come from being
identified with content.  And by content, here, we simply mean the
matrix or the source out of which all possibilities are, indeed,
possible.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.093

When the ship sails into the harbor, the journey is over. And there is
only calm water, though around it the storm may rage. Let it! Let the
storm of life rage. Merely identify with the peace beyond all
understanding, the peace that comes as a mind comes to choose only
identity with Love. Peace, beloved friends, is the result of the shift
of identity which emerges by placing your trust and loyalty only in That
One who is only Love.

>> Summary ~ 10608000.025

Peace, then, is not a passivity. Peace, the very state of Love, is a state in
which no experience is obstructed within you. Do not make the mistake, as so
many do, of thinking that experience has something to do with what is outside
of the very body-mind. For remember, nothing is caused by a single event
occurring beyond the boundary of the body-mind.

>> Summary ~ 10611000.079

Peace, then, is always the goal of the spiritual journey — that Peace that
passes all understanding.

