
>> Summary ~ 10401000.003

There is but the Mind of Christ within which each of us, as a spark of Divine
Light, as a sunbeam to the sun, rests eternally in perfect communion and
communication, always. Now of course, the great secret is that, that is the
state of your reality. That in each and every moment, you abide in perfect
communion with the whole of creation, since all things are but temporary
modifications of the one fundamental energy which I have chosen to call the
Christ Mind, the offspring of the Father.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.005

What is important, then, by way of our beginning, is to consider the simple
fact that your experience is always the effect of where you choose to focus the
attention of your consciousness, its Self being unlimited forever, embracing
all the many dimensions of creation. You abide in that which embraces all
things, in all ways, and at all times. And in Truth, you do not know
separation, birth or death, gain or loss.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.007

In reality, each of you is equal; each of you, choosing from your infinite
freedom to attract to yourself certain vibrational frequencies, if you will —
certain forms or qualities of experience. That freedom is what you abide in
always, from before the foundations of this world, and long after this world
ceases to be. In each and every moment, then, you cannot be a victim of what
you see, and nothing is outside of you. What you experience you have directly
and deliberately called to yourself.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.015

The point that I’m seeking to make with you is that, in each and every moment,
what you are experiencing in the realm of your emotions and mind, and the
effects, to a latter degree, within the body, are there because you — from your
infinite freedom — have simply selected that experience, that energy, to focus
your attention on, so that you can see what the effects are.

The insanity, you see, does not come from having chosen to see something other
than the Mind of Christ. The insanity, which you experience as your pain and as
your suffering and your seeking and your dramas, comes only from your mistaken
choice to become identified with what arises in the field of your awareness.
You, therefore, lose the sight of innocence. For, indeed, all events are
perfectly neutral, and you are free to see them any way you want.

>> Summary ~ 10401000.029

For in Truth, that mind that trusts the Source of its creation allows all
things, trusts all things, embraces all things, and transcends all things

>> Summary ~ 10402000.004

In each and every moment of your experience, what, in Truth, is occurring is
that you, as a soul, as a divine spark of consciousness, are deliberately
choosing to create mediums of communication.

>> Summary ~ 10402000.033

In reality, failure is not even remotely possible. And why? If you plant a
garden and the seed does not turn into the beautiful flower, it withers and
dies, that experience is a creation, and you have done it. And because all
events in space and time — everything you experience — because these things are
perfectly neutral, there is, in reality, never failure.

>> Summary ~ 10402000.039

The Truth of the Kingdom requires openness, trust, expansiveness, spaciousness.
It involves allowing, trusting, witnessing, letting things come and go,
learning to cultivate a deep enjoyment of whatever arises, seeing that all
things are just modifications of Consciousness Itself, and then letting them go
when it’s time for them to do so.

>> Summary ~ 10402000.041

And creation, itself, that flows from the Mind of God is an ongoingness —
forever! You will never cease to be! You will go on forever and forever and
forever and forever and forever. You will go on forever exactly as you are now,
or you can allow the Mind of God to flow through you, carrying you to an ever
greater expansiveness, deepening your awareness of the infinite loveliness of
the power of the Mind of God.

>> Summary ~ 10402000.052

I’ve said many times that the Father looks upon you and says,
"This is My only creation and it is very good."

For the Father marvels at what you are, knowing perfectly well that what you
are emerged from out of Her Holy Mind.

>> Summary ~ 10407000.002

For long before the stars were birthed, long before the planets arose, long
before even a thought of physicality had emerged within the Divine Mind of the
Son of God, we were already created together and equally. And yet, that
Creation of what alone is real knows no point of birth. Therefore, because the
Father is forever, so too, have we abided together, held together, sustained
together, in Love. And throughout all time and even unto eternity do we abide
together in the reality of Who we are.

That which knows, that which comprehends immediately, is the Mind of Christ,
that recognizes Itself in each and every one. That Mind of Christ dwells within
you in its fullness now!

>> Summary ~ 10411000.009

You are merely that quiet, and that presence, that observes all of Creation
flowing through a field of awareness which is the Mind of Christ.

Unlimited forever, are you. Unchanging forever, are you. Perfectly changeless,
are you. And we are of one substance, one Light, and one Truth. Here alone,
does reality reside. Here alone, is reality remembered. Here alone, Love reigns
supreme. Here alone, is where you are

>> Summary ~ 10502000.029

There is nothing that you see that is not pervaded by the Perfect
Radiance of God’s Holy Presence–nothing. The stone, a leaf, a piece of paper
blown by the wind, even the shoutings of fear and anger from anyone yet
contains within it–if you would receive it–the Perfect Love of God. For your
Father does not ever recoil or withdraw from the unlimited and perfect
Extension of Himself. And God is but Love.

>> Summary ~ 10503000.002

And there can only be Oneness, brotherhood, sisterhood, eternally. There can
only be one purpose and one goal. There can only be Christ expressing the Mind
of God.

>> Summary ~ 10504000.009

There is, then, that which in you, right here and right now, Spirit Is.

Here is found what I have often referred to as the “real world.” Here, peace
abides eternally with perfect consistency and without interruption. Here, the
Living Reality is, which has been reflected in the sentence,

I and My Father are One.

>> Summary ~ 10511000.009

Reality is One and unshakable, and only Love is Real.

And the Voice for Love has only one
purpose: to be extended into the dream, into the illusion, to nudge the aspects
of the Sonship yet sleeping, that the entirety of the Sonship can be returned,
or reawakened, to the Reality of Itself as the creative conduit through which
God extends Himself.

>> Summary ~ 10606000.009

Reality is the Love which is God. It is the Creator’s Will to
extend Love. You were created out of the Will of the Creator — and therefore,
your will to express Love is the Will of God; they are one and the same.

>> Summary ~ 10606000.017

You are one who gets to experience Love, create Love, and also observe and
witness the flow of Love. That is the Truth of your Reality. It is timeless
and eternal, and far transcends the boundaries of the physical body and the
boundaries of your ideas about your physical self — your personality, your
personal history, your children, your mates, your bank accounts. It far
transcends everything that is temporarily arising in the field of form.

As the Holy Son of God, as that created Spirit, birthed to create, your ability
to be aware of the flow of Love is unborn and undying — you will never lose it.
As the Holy Son of God, the power of your ability, the power of your beingness
to allow Love to flow through you is unlimited forever, and it will never be
taken away. As the Holy Son of God, your capacity to enjoy the very act of
being the One through whom Love is extended is without equal in all of
Creation, and it, too, is never taken from you.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.084

Illusions have no life. That is what makes them illusions. Only in Reality is
Life finally found.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.009

In Reality, separation does not exist. In Reality, your fall from Grace and
your movement into unenlightenment, itself has been but an illusion. The life
you have been living is the life of awareness, of consciousness, of perfect
freedom to create whatever perception you choose to hold. You are free, then,
in all moments, to see that what has been arising as the Life of your very Self
is the Life and Mind of God.

A Mind so awakened looks out and sees that there are no problems. Such a Mind
looks out upon the world and sees no reason to change it, for It is now looking
at a world that has already been healed, already been transfigured, already
been purified and made whole again.  For, in Reality, It sees that that
wholeness was never once lost. The dream of separation occurs within a space of
mind that is nowhere, that holds no value and no purpose.

Fear, then, has no power over you. Death has no power over you. You abide,
then, in the only place ever created for you. You are not localized to the body
or the particular personality that you have associated with as your “I” — that,
in itself, is part of the spell, or the drama, or the dream, of separation.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.015

There is only Reality. That Reality I have called Abba. That One is One with
me, and I am That One. That One is One with you, and You are That One.

The Truth is that all that arises and passes away is, indeed, God. There is
only God. There can only be God. And you are That.

There is only that Vast Expanse that allows all things. And when nothing is any
longer unacceptable to you, in the field of what seems to be your own unique,
particular experience, you will know that you are Home. Things arise and pass
away, and you remain.

