
>> Summary ~ 10407000.02

Love you the Self that has
been given unto you of the Father. Learn to hear only that Voice, learn to
desire only that Voice. Learn to follow only that Voice that knows the Truth is
true always:

I and my Father are One. And this world is but a passing shimmer and a dream.
It holds no value save that which Christ can bring to it. Only Love is real.
And anything else is the choice to momentarily believe in illusion.

>> Summary ~ 10407000.052

Put the whole of your attention on giving up the patterns of belief from which
you have attempted to crucify the Self that God made and placed within you as
your very awareness of your existence.

As long as there is a trace of energy within you in which you are striving to
get from any perceived thing or object around you what you are sure you lack
inside yourself, you can not know the love of Self. And you can not experience
freedom. Happiness is an inside job. Hmm!

>> Summary ~ 10410000.058

Your Self is calling out to be recognized for what it is — an awakened master,
the presence of Christ in you, that would inform every step, inform every
decision, inform the quality of your perception, inform the very nature of your
forever-expanding, transparent consciousness. For it is your consciousness,
alone, that can reach out and embrace all created things, until you literally
realize that all things have arisen from within you!

>> Summary ~ 10501000.003

When I speak of Self, I speak not of the self which is the dream of the body,
the self which is that which you’ve identified yourself with, but rather the
Self that transcends all limitation and exists in all dimensions.

>> Summary ~ 10501000.042

Imagine shifting your identity so that you are the ocean from which a multitude
of waves are coming forth, and continually coming forth, each one slightly
different, each one a little larger or smaller, a little faster, each one with
a little more foam on it than the other — the very temporary, dancing waves
being emitted from a field or an ocean of waters that knows neither beginning
nor end and whose far shores can not be discovered. That is your Self, not the
tiny wave that has a name and a history of being born at a certain time and
living in a certain house or a city. It is certainly never what you call
yourself as a banker, or a teacher, or a channel, or a mother, or a father.
None of these things is what you are.

>> Summary ~ 10504000.005

There was Pure Spirit. That is what You Are, now and forever. Spirit does not
change.

>> Summary ~ 10603000.05

I love my Self. The Self that is beyond time is that Self from which even the
body has emerged.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.012

Even the body-mind, that you once called your “self,” is merely seen to arise
and pass away in the vast expanse of your true Self, the Self that is shared by
all beings in all dimensions — always.

