>> Summary ~ 10504000.018

Now, that is an analogy, of course, since the Soul is not made of milk. But it
does create a picture for you of what occurs when the body of Spirit continues
in its entertainment of creativity, out of which that which emerges, which we
have called Soul–the first, subtle inception of the thought of individuation,
of that which is an individuated expression of the fullness of Spirit, which is
Light, which is God.

>> Summary ~ 10504000.021

[Birth of awareness through the soul]

And why? All for the joy of extending Creation, that That One might be aware of
Itself in an endless variety of form. And this is where it begins–the delight
of Creation. That is what You Are! In Pure Soul there is still only Pure
Potentiality. There has not yet been what you would know as experience. There
is, however, the first subtle awareness of the One Self being aware of Itself.

>> Summary ~ 10511000.006

Therefore, indeed, beloved friends, we come forth from that place which is the
Voice for Love. And if any mind can, indeed, rest into that place, it can only
be because that place is necessarily within it. It is the depth of the soul.
That depth is not an individual. It is universal, it is eternal, it is forever
present. It knows no boundaries. It knows no time. It simply is Love.

So, we abide in that place and we speak forth from that place. And if you would
well receive it, then, at any time, when anything uttered through this
mechanical device you call your tape, through yet another mechanical device
called, in your world, the channeling–when you, in your mind, are struck by the
profundity, or the Truth, of what is being uttered–it is only because you have
chosen in that moment to open your own internal access to the Voice for Love.
And what is triggered, or what is activated, what is remembered, is that part
of you that is Love Itself; that part of the Self, the depth of the soul, that
is forever One with God.

The great trick of evolution, if you would permit me to use such a term, is to
grow the soul’s awareness so that it rests in that depth of silence, and yet
does not need to withdraw or turn away from the expressions of creation to do
so. That is, it need no longer judge the body. It need no longer judge the
world that you see around the body. It need no longer strive to ascend to some
spiritual height in which all things disappear. But rather, to the contrary,
the soul in its maturity, if you will, has ascended into union with the Voice
for God. That is, it has ascended into the depth of its Self. It has learned to
stabilize Itself in that internal silence. And it has, through time,
experienced that process of transformation in which even the conscious mind is
no longer thinking for itself, but is informed from the depth of the True Self,
the depth of the soul, the Voice for Love, God Itself, Christ Itself.

>> Summary ~ 10605000.014

For indeed, as we have touched on before, each soul drops, in a sense, into
this world through the context of the parents. There is a context of
perception, belief, and attitude that you begin to be colored by because you
are accepting that coloration into the field of your own energy, as a means of
making contact with this world and emerging into it.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.007

The soul, the level at which Reality is far deeper than the level of the body,
can never “go” anywhere. No one you’ve ever met or known can ever be outside of
your heart through their own action. The body-mind, yes, can leave, but that is
not what takes someone out of your heart. It can only be your decision to
withdraw love. It is only the withdrawing of love that creates separation in
the experience of your awareness.

>> Summary ~ 10607000.023

Therefore, in The Way of the Heart, and in The Way of Transformation, and now,
in The Way of Knowing, all that we have sought to share with you has been by
design, to lead you to see that Love is the only thing worth valuing.

Love is unconditional. Love merely loves in order to abide in Its own nature.
And because God is but Love, as the mind disentangles itself from the
perceptual level of the body-mind, from the interpretations selected and
created in the mind and overlaid over those events, and especially as it
disentangles itself from the egoic need to be right about its makings, that
which you are — pure intelligence, pure infinite creative possibility — shifts
itself into being identified only with valuing Love. This is the same thing as
saying,

I value only God.

Then, the soul begins to reawaken — this drop of pure Light, which is pure
intelligence — the soul begins to realize that to know God it must be God. And
since God is only Love, the soul desires to be only Love. For in loving as God
loves, God is known. And as God is known, Self is realized and remembered. And
the dream of the dreamer is transcended.

>> Summary ~ 10609000.002

For your heart, or your soul — that which is all that you have
experienced throughout the multitude of your lifetimes upon this tiny planet,
all of the experiences that you have garnered since before the beginning of
time throughout all of the multitude of dimensions — the soul, or the heart,
resides within the Mind of God, within the Mind of Christ; for these are One
and the same.

>> Summary ~ 10610000.014

For the Father never ceases in extending Himself into the forms of His Creation
never. That which the soul is, even beyond the life span of the body, the soul
can never die. Nor will it ever be completed. For Creation is an infinite
process of extending the good, the holy, and the beautiful.

>> Summary ~ 10611000.021

You will be creating new adventures eternally. For there is no moment that
Creation ends. And mind, or soul, is the vortex, the vehicle through which
Creation extends Itself from the field of infinite possibility into the
realization of manifold particularities.


