
>> Summary ~ 10401000.009

The still, quiet Voice of Spirit that speaks through the soul whispering of the
one Truth and the one reality, the one Love, the one peace, the one bliss that
is continual.

>> Summary ~ 10412000.02

The body is as a drop of foam being expressed at the slightest tip
of one wave in an infinite ocean. And that ocean is itself within the unlimited
expanse of your Mind. You are Consciousness as such — Pure Spirit!

>> Summary ~ 10504000.005

That first level of Creation was Pure Spirit–a subtle, subtle movement in which
a gentle Sunbeam begins to emerge from the Sun, or a ray of Light soundlessly
begins to emanate from Light Itself. In Pure Spirit, you are unbounded; you are
without form. But you are not without Consciousness. You’re not without
Self-awareness. In Spirit, there is only Self–not self and other, not self
apart from form, but simply Self … radiant, shimmering, unbounded, alone, yet
not lonely. Rather, filled with Self, filled with God, filled with Love.

This first level of Creation never changes. It is as God, Itself.

There was Pure Thought, Pure Love, Pure Being, beginning to entertain the idea
of pure space, pure extension–unlimited, unbounded, forever. There was Pure
Spirit. That is what You Are, now and forever. Spirit does not change.

>> Summary ~ 10504000.009

There is, right here and right now, even as you
perceive yourself as a body sitting in a chair or lying on the floor, beyond
all that you see with your physical eyes, all that you are aware as and within
the body, beyond the activity of the surface level of the mind which you are
most familiar with, far beyond this planet, and yet right
where this planet abides, far beyond this universe, and yet right where your
universe abides, far beyond infinite dimensions of
Creation, yet right where those infinite dimensions exist: Spirit Is.

>> Summary ~ 10504000.018

On the side of the fence of Spirit, where language is hardly required.

Now, that is an analogy, of course, since the Soul is not made of milk. But it
does create a picture for you of what occurs when the body of Spirit continues
in its entertainment of creativity, out of which that which emerges, which we
have called Soul–the first, subtle inception of the thought of individuation,
of that which is an individuated expression of the fullness of Spirit, which is
Light, which is God.

>> Summary ~ 10608000.079

Anything arising in the field of your experience arises in the field of this
spaciousness of awareness which is God’s gift to you as your very existence.
For Pure Spirit is awareness itself. And that awareness can be fueled by the
decision for Love or the belief in fear.


